one of the most popular gifts in the
remoter parts of New Guinea his
newspaper it's used for smoking the raw
powerful tobacco that every village
grows some people will carry a load for
a day for a couple of sheets or so but
these people normally use dried leaves
as cigarette wrapping and had no idea
what to do with the paper they took it
rather as though it was some sort of
useless memento this plain there was not
a success so Laurie tried salt instead
this was much better received and what
with that and cigarettes made for them
from newspaper by the police all looked
well one Baqarah weaker sorry
now lalala I'm sorry be countin because
becomes a bigger engine laughter guru
who can't you perfect
yeah yeah hmm that you even marry
pignataro Kubala and Lara bigger after
about an hour when they started to leave
they seem to be as delighted by the
meeting as we were ourselves there's
something just about him just the way he
the way he moves the way he speaks it's
very relaxing I being not from no yes
not round right